fix store bug and allow for hooks at multiple levels of config (#1112)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/core-concepts/stacks/hooks.mdx

The `hooks` section schema is as follows:

```yaml
hooks:
  store-outputs:
    events:
      - after-terraform-apply
    command: store
    name: prod/ssm
    outputs:
      vpc_id: .id
```

> This schema can be specified at the `global`, `terraform`, `component` or `overrides` sections of the stack config.

Reviewer: Here’s a more precise way to phrase it:

```suggestion
This schema can be specified at the top level of the stack configuration (global), within the `terraform` section, inside individual components, or in the `overrides` section.
```

```yaml
# global
hooks:
  store-outputs:
    events:
      - after-terraform-apply
    command: store
    name: prod/ssm
    outputs:

>       vpc_id: .id

Reviewer: Does this make sense globally? ... at least in the example?

Author: Good point. Resolved in 070db690

# terraform
terraform:
  hooks:
    store-outputs:
      events:
        - after-terraform-apply
      command: store
      name: prod/ssm
      outputs:
        vpc_id: .id

# overrides
overrides:
  hooks:
    store-outputs:
      events:
        - after-terraform-apply
      command: store
      name: prod/ssm
      outputs:

>         vpc_id: .id

Reviewer: IMO, it's confusing that we show the same configuration just duplicated and not how it would _probably_ be used. Or showing how it can be used to achieve DRY configuration.

Author: I've updated it: https://pr-1112.atmos-docs.ue2.dev.plat.cloudposse.org/core-concepts/stacks/hooks
